DOCSP-49148 v1.30.3 release (#109)
mongodb/docs-c: source/whats-new.txt

For more information about this release, see the :github:`v2.0 release notes
</mongodb/mongo-c-driver/releases/tag/2.0.0>`.

.. _c-version-1.30.3:

What's New in 1.30.3
--------------------

The following sections describe the changes in the 1.30.3 release of
the {+driver-short+}.

{+libbson+}
~~~~~~~~~~~

The 1.30.3 release of ``{+libbson+}`` includes the following changes:

New Features
````````````

> - Adds new CMake packages and imported targets for ``bson`` and
>   to allow you to to support both major versions without modifying your 
>   CMake project. 

Reviewer: [s] I wasn't sure if I was reading this right, but suggestion to break this up to flow better: 
```suggestion
- Adds new CMake packages and imported targets for ``bson``. This allows you to support both major versions without modifying your 
  CMake project. 
```

Reviewer: Just saw the next section, that wording is also clear!

Author: Thank you!

  
  - To import ``bson`` with the new names, call ``find_package`` 
    for the ``bson`` package. The new imported target names are 
    ``bson::static``, ``bson::shared``, and ``bson::bson``.

{+libmongoc+}
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The 1.30.3 release of ``{+libmongoc+}`` includes the following changes:

New Features
````````````

- Adds new CMake packages and imported targets for ``bson`` and ``mongoc``

>   to allow you to to support both major versions without modifying your 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  to allow you to support both major versions without modifying your 
```
